koushik@srmap.edu.in: Registered successfully
roshan@srmap.edu.in: Registered successfully
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
koushik: Sent friend request
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
alex@srmap.edu.in: Registered successfully
john@srmap.edu.in: Registered successfully
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
koushik: Sent friend request
koushik: Sent friend request
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
john@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
john: Accepted friend request
john@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
koushik: Posted a message
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
john@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
john@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
alex@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
alex@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
alex@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
alex: Accepted friend request
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
koushik: Posted a message
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
alex@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
alex: Posted a message
alex@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
john@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
john: Posted a message
john@srmap.edu.in: Logged out
koushik@srmap.edu.in: Logged in successfully
